Nity Trader
1. Introduction
Nifty Trader is a trading platform which will help users trade various kinds of financial instruments like equities, bonds, derivatives, options, cryptocurrencies.
The idea is to build highly responsive web page following the principle of mobile first using HTML, CSS, Javacript and Bootstrap.

2. Design and Implementation

Basic web page design consists of an index.html which has a nav bar with links for About Page, Portfolio Section, Contact and Login.
Portfolio Section consists of thumbnails for various class of financial instruments which the trading platform allows to trade.
The thumbnails are laid out using bootstrap container, row and column based grid.
Clicking on each of the thumbnail will take you to a page describing various financial instruments within the class.
For instance clicking on Bond thumbnail will take you to BondTrading.html which has description of various kinds of Bonds the users can trade.
Below that is a Contact section which lets the user contact the owner of the site/company by leaving a message and contact details.
Clicking on the login link takes the user to a bootstrap modal dialog which lets the user enter username and password.
It also allows first time users to register which in turn takes the user to another bootstrap modal dialog where they input user details.


Clicking on Equities on the portfolio, takes the user to Equities Trading page. The page has a jumbotron with the site image on the top.
Below that one would find a Bootstrap's collapse accordion describing various kinds of equities trading.

Clicking on Bond Trading thumbnail takes the user to Bond Trading page which has a carousel of various types of bonds.
There is a button at the lower right corner which toggles between play and pause. Play and pause functionality is controlled by JQuery.
Below the carousel there is a tab panel which describes each kind of bond in a separate tab.

Clicking on Cryptocurrencies takes the user to a page which has information on current prices of various cryptocurrencies and whether the price is up or down.
The information is presented in tabular form using a hover table of Bootstrap.

Interest Rate Derivatives page presents various kinds of IRDs and the description is done using a card for each kind of IRD.




About Page consists of description of the team

Conclusions:

Building a HTML/CSS/Javascript ground up website with the help of Bootstrap is a huge learning experience.
Obviously, lack of instructions from anyone makes you take your own decisions. That comes with its own set of challenges.
Basically each page uses different kind of components. That way user experience in each page is different and not dull. That's the best part.
Login dialog is available only on index.html. I couldn't figure out how to connect to loginDialog in the index.html from other page. That is a shortcoming. 
